OSDOCS-10142 OCPSTRAT-1114: Include the version of the oc binary used… (#77129)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-16-nodes_{context}"]
=== Nodes

[id="ocp-4-16-must-gather-directory_{context}"]
==== Information added to directory when using `oc adm must-gather`

> This release adds more information to the must-gather directory when the `oc adm must-gather` command is used. Now, the `oc` binary version and the logs generated by the `oc adm must-gather` are added to the must-gather directory. This helps identify issues that may stem from using a specific verions of `oc`, as well as listing what image was used, and if any data could not be gathered.

Reviewer: Making a few suggestions - don't feel the need to use every one though.

The second sentence is also passive voice. Instead of saying that they are collected/added, maybe you could make it active - saying that the must-gather command now collects these things.

You could also consider whether any of this information could be better presented in a bulleted list. For example, you could consider it at the beginning for the two items that are now additionally being collected (oc version and must-gather logs). Like "This release now collects the following information when you run the `oc adm must-gather command:` or something like that.

I also think there's room for improvement in the last sentence. It's good to list the things it'll help with, but I think you could either do it more parallel (no "as well as"), or maybe it might be good to break it up into that the oc version helps figure out if there any version specific issues, and collecting the must-gather logs lists the must-gather image that was used and whether there was any data that couldn't be gathered.

```suggestion
This release collects additional information when you run the `oc adm must-gather` command. Now, the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) binary version and the logs generated by the `oc adm must-gather` command are added to the `must-gather` directory. This helps identify issues that might stem from using a specific version of `oc`, as well as listing what image was used, and if any data could not be gathered.
```

> For more information, see xref:../support/modules/about-must-gather.adoc#about-must-gather-tool[About the must-gather tool].

Reviewer: I'm assuming you're on it already since the build is broken, but this xref isn't constructed properly. You don't list the "modules/" directory or the module file name.

I find the easiest way (for me at least) to figure out the xref is to start with the link in the preview or live docs, like: 

```
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/support/gathering-cluster-data.html#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data
```

Then get rid of the front part and put the appropriate number of "../" to back up, like:

```
../support/gathering-cluster-data.html#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data
```
Then change the .html to .adoc:
```
../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data
```
Then plop that into the xref syntax:
```
xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data[About the must-gather tool]
```
Hope that helps!

More info in the guidelines is here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#internal-cross-references

Author: I'm saving this in a doc for myself, it's gold!

[id="ocp-4-16-nodes_{context}"]
=== Nodes

[id="ocp-4-16-must-gather-directory_{context}"]

> ==== Information added to directory when using must-gather

Reviewer 2: I think that Andrea's suggestion previously was closer to what would make this maximally clear. I'm not sure if the current phrase centers what is really happening here--I have to give it a think after I read it.

> This release collects the following additional information when you run the `oc adm must-gather` command:

Reviewer 2: The release collects that information, or the application collects the information? 

Is this more accurate?: 
"The `oc-adm must-gather` command now collects the following information:"

* OpenShift CLI (`oc`) binary version
* Must-gather logs

> These additions help identify issues that might stem from using a specific version of `oc`. It also lists what image was used and if any data could not be gathered in the must-gather logs.

Reviewer 2: "These additions" doesn't agree with "It".

[id="ocp-4-16-nodes_{context}"]
=== Nodes

[id="ocp-4-16-must-gather-directory_{context}"]
==== Additional information collected by must-gather

With this release, the `oc adm must-gather` command collects the following additional information:

* OpenShift CLI (`oc`) binary version
* Must-gather logs

These additions help identify issues that might stem from using a specific version of `oc`. The `oc adm must-gather` command also lists what image was used and if any data could not be gathered in the must-gather logs.

> For more information, see xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data[About the must-gather tool]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#about-must-gather_gathering-cluster-data[About the must-gather tool].
```

Reviewer 3: That's a full sentence so it needs a period.
